c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.exe.config
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.exe
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.pdb
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\PdfSharp.Charting.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\PdfSharp.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\PdfSharp.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\PdfSharp.Charting.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\PdfSharp.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\PdfSharp.Charting.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.Unir_PDF.resources
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.exe.licenses
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.exe
c:\users\usuário\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solucao_Unir_PDF\Solucao_Unir_PDF\obj\Debug\Solucao_Unir_PDF.pdb
